##Project URL
http://soumendra.github.com/NSEStalker/  

## Project Administrator
Soumendra Prasad Dhanee (soumendra@dhanee.com)  

###Project Contributors (in Alphabetical Order)
 Aartika Rai (aartika.iitd@gmail.com)  
 Gautam Garg (gautam20feb@gmail.com)  
 Rajesh Kella (krajesh1990@gmail.com)  
 Swetha Boddu (swethab.iitkgp@gmail.com)  
 Tarun Jain (tarunjain15@gmail.com)  

## Documentation  

### Functionalities
1. Get all specified bhavcopies from NSE.
2. Extract, Check for errors and Import contents from bhavcopies to a database.
3. An RoR front-end to the database server to serve as a source for all clients in the local network.

### Structure

#### config
Contains all the configuration files - machines.xml (list of database servers) 

#### data
Contains data about trading days and holidays in csv files

#### docs
Documents on errors found. Includes autogenerated .Rd files.

#### init
One-time scripts to generate some of the required csv data files and initial import of data.

#### tests
Unit tests for all the code.

#### visualisation
Few scripts to plot various graphs using Google Motion Charts.

### To do
1. Make Available the glocal path to the scripts
2. Add the data for the working weekends
3. Sort the database
4. Find the Symbols for the two stocks for TWS
5. update the Databases
6. Filter the databases
7. Synchronise the databases
8. In Script temp.R, function csvtodb, while reading a table from database into a dataframe one may encounter an error in case the data from the table should be too large to load as a dataframe. For now this issue has been ignored, see to it if a problem is reported.


